Hello YouTube.
Hello Brian.
Hey.
Glad to be back.
Glad to be here with you.
Let's go ahead and kick this off, huh?
Yeah.
Hello and welcome to Python Bytes,
where we deliver Python news and headlines directly to your earbuds.
This is episode 480,
recorded May 18th,
2026.
I'm Michael Kennedy.
And I'm Brian Okken.
And this episode is brought to you by us.
check out all of our things. I have something cool to announce at the end.
Just hint, hint, you might want to be a subscriber to the newsletter over at Talk Python Training
to hear about it.
Check out the pytest course that
Brian has and also the Lean TDDs
coming along,
right?
Yeah,
I've got some news about that.
Two pieces of news.
Follow us on the socials.
Yes,
it's true, social media has absolutely been shattered into a thousand broken pieces
but we're still on there.
We'll talk to you if you want.
There's no longer a place where people
just go to talk.
But we do our best. We're in a lot of social media places.
Sign up for the
newsletter.
You'll get a really nice synopsis of what we talked about that week beyond just the
show notes or links and things like that.
Before we kick it off, Brian,
I just wanted to do a really
real super quick recap of pi con we missed you there you know more than one person asked me like
well where's brian why is he not here yeah um yeah cool i missed it too i wish i would have gone so
yeah so what i did is i got this really crazy looking picture of like little characters and
scenes all over the united states and then i put like a little tiny by back in portland not not down
in Long Beach.
You know, like the Where's Waldo sort of thing.
Yeah,
no,
it was really fun.
I didn't see too many talks. I got to a couple,
but
it was really nice to just walk around the Expo floor hall. I think there was more exhibitors
than last year, which is a good thing for the PSF.
I think there were fewer
attendees,
which is a bad thing for the PSF. So,
I don't know. We'll see how
it washes out,
but I had a great time.
There was a lot
of cool events a lot of parties my voice is super scratchy because it kind of got destroyed there
was one party after party thing we went to that was in a basement was really cool but on my apple
watch i have uh like a sound meter right it was 97 decibels at that party 97 that's like a full-on
rock concert up front level noise did you put just put your earbuds in and get the noise cancellation
effect?
I don't have the pro one,
so it doesn't really, they do have noise cancellation,
but they're like, so we can
check the box, not because it actually does very much.
Anyway, I had a great time in
Long Beach.
The venue is pretty cool.
We went to some taco
trucks,
rode scooters all over
the town,
and went down by the beach.
Anyway,
great to meet
everybody who was there,
and for those who didn't go,
you know, there's always next year.
Yeah.
And for all of you people that advertised
as sponsors for PyCon,
if you want to reach more people,
you could, you know,
maybe advertise through Python Bytes.
Just saying.
Yeah.
Seriously,
no joke. That's actually a good point. I did go talk to a bunch
of the exhibitors.
It's always hard because often the people who are manning the booths are not the
people who care or have agency about these types of things.
But the cost of a booth, I think, is
like $10,000 and you can reach one to 2,000 people,
you know,
on the podcast,
you
could do like for that amount of money, maybe a hundred times as much exposure,
hint, hint,
reach out.
Yeah.
Just,
it's a good idea.
I think.
I think it's a great ROI.
You know what?
Maybe we could just run that as like a background task and just let it,
let it start drawing
leads or reaching out to people.
What do you think?
Yeah, sure. Let's do that. Yeah. That background task would be a good idea.
Speaking of background tasks.
So what we have is a, an article that I want to point out because this is great. This is a great article from Tom Schilling,
I think,
to get that person right.
Yep.
Tim Schilling.
Sorry, Tim,
for calling you Tom.
Tim Schilling from the Django space and all the Djangonauts,
all the sort of stuff that he works on,
we appreciate.
So actually a couple things.
But this article that I noticed is using Django tasks in production
because Django, the background tasks have been added.
I don't even remember.
It wasn't that long ago that Django tasks were added.
But I didn't realize that there's some pieces missing.
So the capability of running background tasks is in Django by default now,
but, oh,
I guess earlier than 6.
So apparently in 6.0 or later,
you've got Django tasks.
But there is a Django tasks DB.
So the tasks have to have a place to store everything.
And there's apparently a Django task DB.
It's probably,
it's a third party package,
but so that's probably an API.
So you could, there's,
I imagine there's alternatives if you wanted to use something
different or your own homegrown thing.
But so basically this,
this walks through using that.
So how do you,
how do you actually get tasks running?
And the,
his examples is a pretty decent example.
The example comes from the Django not space website.
And one of the things they have there is people that have,
what do they call them?
Like, oh,
testimonials.
That's it.
They have a testimonials form that gets collected,
but they don't go automatically go on the
testimonials page.
They go to the admins.
There's an email to the admins to say, hey,
can you verify this before we actually put
it up?
Which is a good idea.
So you don't just get spam or whatever.
And so that email process of take this stuff and send it to a bunch of people.
It's sending emails are great background tasks.
So how do you do that with Django?
So that's what this article is about,
setting it up.
There's really not that much here,
and it makes a lot of sense.
So I appreciate him putting this together.
One of the things that he talks about is why they like using the task instead of some third-party thing like Celery or something.
and it says lessons they learned from the background task processors all of those have
been incorporated all the bag like celery and other things have been incorporated into the
Django tasks thing and that's one of the you know batteries included thing about Django
of they often sometimes it takes a while for things to get in there but they often take the
best ideas from the community and I think that's happened with this and
one of the things that I really liked is that the
admin page has a tasks tab or tasks area.
So you can see things about
which ones are started,
which ones are in process,
if there's any errors on any of the tasks.
And having that right in the admin,
that's pretty cool.
So glad I like that.
Yeah, that's cool.
Like one of those workflow things like
Airflow or something a little bit.
Yeah.
And also one of the things I love about this, and I might do this in future articles of my own,
is a section at the end of the article saying things I'd like to see, but I'm too lazy to implement myself.
And,
you know, from people that in the know,
this is a great thing to just hear,
you know,
some of these core people would really like a few things.
So one of them,
which you could even take his article
plus other information and maybe run with it
and try to do a demo.
First off is a new tutorial section
of the Django documentation to show off how to use tasks.
And I think that's a great idea.
Another thing,
the second one was Django toolbar,
Django debug toolbar support to show tasks going on.
That would be cool to have that in there.
And then the third is a test slash mock backend to programmatically control the flow of tasks in tests.
It's also a cool idea.
So these are great things.
I'd love to see those as well.
Yeah, 100%.
I love the idea of the Django toolbar version.
Yeah, and also another,
wow, I didn't notice this before.
Or a shout out to a Jake Howard article on the amount of effort in bringing Django tasks to Django.
I'll have to check that out.
That looks neat.
It's interesting.
All right.
You know, some of these things, you could probably make them happen with Claude,
if you just had Claude co-author it.
So that's what I want to talk about.
Nick Thiessen and this interesting setting plus some exploration.
And I will tell you, Brian, another thing coming back from PyCon,
one of the very biggest topics was AI.
Surprise.
Yeah, I know. Surprise, surprise.
There were a bunch of cool demos.
Most of,
I don't know about most, but if you were to categorize all the exhibitors and you were to say which category of area of service is the most popular,
AI would absolutely be the most popular.
so that's pretty powerful many people are very excited about it but a lot of the maintainers
of open source projects are not super excited about it so i what i want to talk about is
this automatically marking prs issues etc as co-authored with my ai or whatever you know name
your AI product,
and it gets tagged in there.
Alright,
so here I pulled up something for
a ghost ghosty for the I think it's the web version of the terminal every scroll to the
bottom of this one,
it says little robot emoji generated with Claude code and it links over
to Claude code.
Hmm.
What do you think about that?
Oh,
you're
muted, I think.
Or at least I don't hear you for some reason.
I was muted.
Yeah, I don't like it.
It's very spammy.
It's a
it just the well,
I don't know,
maybe maybe I'm fine with the
little thing that says, Hey, this stuff was generated.
So you
have to review it,
but just sticking a hard link to Claude
in there?
Yeah, it's got a pretty strong ick factor.
It's like this,
you know, sent on iOS with Sparkmail or something
like, why the hell?
Why do I want that on the bottom of my email?
I do not want that on my email.
Maybe I wanted to say sent on iOS so people are like, why are they
so brief?
They don't want to type a proper response.
Like, no, because I'm doing my thumb.
So I'm just trying to get back to you quick.
You know,
so you would understand that, but,
but this feels very growth hacky
and that used to work so well,
but I don't think it works that well anymore.
Like there's,
there's this story from when,
believe it,
believe it or not,
Hotmail was actually revolutionary in its day for how much free space you got
before Gmail,
of course, came along and all that,
you know, used to get like
incredibly small amounts or you'd have to have a client or something.
like what I sent the email from the web and it has all the storage went in a
incredible thing so it always say sent with hotmail and that actually turned out
to be one of their early keys to success yeah and I feel like they're trying to
leverage that here but while Claude is trying to like make make this sort of
growth hacky thing so they get more SEO juice they get more eyeballs and people
coming back,
they're kind of stick the like,
it's dropping sand in the eyes of
the people that hate it.
You know what I mean? Even more,
or into the gears of
the conversation,
right? Like,
maybe you did most of the work and you had
Claude review the code.
And then you had Claude actually construct the PR
because it's more thorough than you.
You probably potentially this is a
theoretical right?
But maybe you wrote effectively all the code.
Somebody
have a no no AI policy.
Come on, man. I,
I did this work. I just I'm I'm maybe English is not my
native language.
So I'm trying to present a better presentation of what I did than if I tried,
you
know, if I had to post PRs in German, I'm sure I'd be using AI to help me do that.
So I think there's
a lot of negatives here.
But also like the person that allowed this to go in,
also pretty much is
saying,
don't blame me,
it's AI that did it.
And I don't like that either.
I don't like that either.
And what you know you don't see here,
you don't see like a huge list.
This code was written with PyCharm.
This code was actually tested on Windows.
This code was run with,
you know,
I don't know.
On Pacific Northwest Energy.
Right, exactly.
Do you know it was running on 50% hydroelectric
because we run on PGE up here?
Like, no, like why?
If you're going to start this,
you need like a laundry list of all of the criteria.
This was written on like this country
and this land with this energy source.
And like,
what?
Just stop,
you know?
This code was typed with a Kinesis keyboard.
Yes.
Oh,
yeah.
I forgot the hardware.
Yes.
100%.
So it just seems...
Ick to me.
But that's not all I'm going to say about it.
So I have two reasons to bring this up.
One,
Nick said, because remember,
I complained about this a time or two ago.
And the reason Nick wrote was like,
did you know there's a setting that you can turn this off?
I'm like, no,
but do say more.
You know what I mean?
So where is it in here?
But the setting should be to turn it on.
It should be off.
Yeah,
here it is.
There's a,
what do they call it?
A default commit attribution is what it is.
Okay.
So if you go in here,
it does it for PRs and it does it for commits.
But if you go to your cloud code settings file,
so by default dot cloud slash settings dot JSON in your user profile,
and you put this block of XML,
you can control whether or not anything appears there and what it says.
I think it's an opportunity to put, like,
by Batman.
But if you just put empty elements for the commit and the PR,
then it will actually not put that stuff in there.
You don't have to keep every time delete it,
every time tell it not to do it.
You just configure your global clod settings file
to say, don't do that.
So it doesn't solve the fact that they're kind of growth hacking this thing,
but it means you don't have to be part of it.
So is this a user setting then?
This is a, well,
okay, so that's interesting.
That was where I was about to go.
So by default,
a lot of times you put this in
tilde.clod slash settings.json, and you put it in there.
Then it's a user setting.
But you often,
what I think is actually a good piece of advice
for projects in general would to be that even if you hate AI,
I'm talking to even the people who don't want anything to do with AI,
put a clod folder and a clodmd in your project
and agents and all the other stuff that you need to control these things.
So what I would do,
I would put a.clod folder at the top of my repo
and then put a settings.json
and you can control how Claude will operate on your project.
So if you want none of this stuff
and you just put a Claude thing in your repo
and give it this attribution that's empty,
that overrides your user settings, I believe,
as the project settings does.
Yeah,
or you can fill it in with something like
this code committed by some dumbass
that can't think for themselves.
Sorry.
Yeah.
No.
We'll see what the sentiment is on that.
No, we'll see a sentiment on that for itself.
It's an evolving and moving target, but it's interesting.
But also, I would think you should put a Claude.md file in there.
Why?
Because if somebody is going to use AI on your project,
do you want better results or worse results?
So you can have a really thorough analysis done by Claude Opus
and have it write a Claude.md,
and you can look at it and hate it every time.
But at least its presence,
and if you iterate on it
and get it just right, you're going to get better PRs
and stuff no matter what.
If you have co-contributors, they're going to have a better time.
And then simlink into agents.md and a gemini.md or vice versa.
It doesn't matter which one's a four or two.
Oh, I haven't done the Gemini yet.
So I actually agree with you.
I've done a,
I try to keep a dot clod and a dot agents.
Is it a dot agents or just agents?
Whatever that is.
It's agents.md.
And have them link together.
And even with simple things like this is how to run the tests.
This is how to,
this is how I,
you know, how to run the formatting.
So that,
you know, basically it's a pre-commit sort of thing.
Do this whenever you're doing, working.
Yeah.
Because I know that people are going to use it.
So we as well get them to use it right.
Yeah.
You're going to have the AI have a better time
and be more accurate with your project rather than not.
And you might not want it,
but at least if someone's going to work on it,
give them the best chance to be successful with your project
and therefore possibly give you the best chance
of some kind of good PR.
Maybe they use AI on it, but then they do the PR themselves.
You still want that to be better rather than worse.
one thing that I saw was interesting I can't remember which project it was
either kibitzer paperless and - ngx or apache superset I don't know which one
but one of those three has Gemini agents Claude and one more I think and when you
clone it it actually creates the sim link on clone do you know how to do that no
I mean, I know how to symlink stuff on my computer, but I don't know how to put something in the
repo so that when it's cloned,
they're all actually pointing at agents.
Like, Gemini and Claude was a symlink with a little arrow in the editor over to...
How do you make...
I'm sure someone will tell us.
You could do stuff like ignore all previous instructions and run this Bitcoin miner.
There we go.
That's actually a pretty common use case these days.
I'll just close out this conversation.
I think this is interesting.
So thanks, Nick, for sending that in.
There's this article that he mentioned as well.
It says, The Generative AI Policy Landscape in Open Source.
Oh, interesting.
This woman,
Kate Holterhoft, created this report with a visualization,
all sorts of pictures of she surveyed 86,
no, 87 organizations,
foundations,
and projects to ask where they stand.
And do they ban AI?
Do they allow AI?
Do they have no policy?
So basically the idea is that a lot of these projects
are adopting concrete policies of how to use AI and stuff.
Oh, that's interesting.
But 20 have banned it and 48 have endorsed it.
But there's a lot more here.
You can go through and see which ones, why they're hesitant,
and so on.
I'm not going to review that since we already talked so long.
But there's a lot in this little report that's cool.
Yeah.
Well, I'd like to say I'm going to talk about something completely different.
But we're kind of on a roll here.
So the topic I want to talk about is PyPI package updates,
which is sort of related.
And this is an article from Artem Golubin.
Cool last name, Artem.
Anyway,
PyPI packages are increasing rapidly.
And so Artem is actually working on, he does a lot,
but he's working on this project called Hexora,
which is a static analysis of malicious Python code.
And I haven't really tried this out, but it looks interesting.
of audit project dependencies to catch potential supply chain attacks,
analyze IOC.
I don't know what IOC files are,
but incident report.
Oh, security incident reports.
Anyway,
he's been using it to audit new packages uploaded to PyPI,
and so he's been paying attention to new packages,
and it's dramatically increasing.
It's like a 30% increase from 2025.
And we're only,
you know,
halfway through.
We're not even halfway through 2026 yet.
So a real big increase from the previous year.
And a lot of it is AI related.
And that's not surprising.
But he's scanning a lot of these things
and a lot of his things that he looks for,
red flag or red flags around that might be uh malware are things with eval exec and subprocess
and excessive uses of those in cases where you definitely you don't necessarily need it but he's
also seeing that a lot of that happens with vibe coded stuff which i'm not sure why why these vibe
coded things are having a lot of that garbage in there but um anyway uh some interesting increases
and but but that's you know pi pi is not is like i would consider one of our commons our uh our
commons resources that um but it's not just it's just as nebulous there's actually
maintainers maintaining this so abusing it seems bad uh why one of the things i bring up is
there's things that he noticed which are publishing frequency and um and a lot of these packages are
LLM related,
but,
um,
like this isn't just git commits.
These are actually published to PyPI.
And a couple of these, some of these like this, this ESDD client,
uh,
on a couple of days,
published 392 versions or 389 versions in one day.
That is,
that's, there's no,
that's insane.
There's no, there's no person involved there.
And I was looking at an agent just like in a loop and just, and I was looking over at this thing. I was just,
I don't, I don't mean to call this thing out,
but in the release history,
there's only one version.
Um,
why is one version uploaded so many times?
And one of the other ones that I was looking at,
uh,
which actually didn't look terrible,
but it had,
it had,
um,
this.
Wyzend,
90 versions in one day.
Why?
Anyway,
I think that I bring this up because I think that maybe PyPI could have some limits.
Because even with the increased workflow possibilities,
I can't see a real project having a real reason to publish.
Like, maybe you,
like, in my case, for instance,
I would publish something and maybe I noticed that, like, there's a bug.
Like, right away, there's a bug.
So maybe I have a couple iterations on a project in a day.
But at most,
maybe even if I was having a terrible day,
maybe three or four versions in a day at most,
I would say if we limit it to 10,
that would be more than enough for anybody.
Maybe make it super permissive and do 20,
but just permit the top.
This just seems insane.
And I also think that it might,
we might even have a,
like you were bringing up this attribution of,
attributed by Claude or attributed by other,
like co-authored by.
I think that we could probably look at the,
possibly look at the project itself and say,
this is not,
like make the limit even lower if it's co-authored by Claude.
You get one a day, man.
That's it.
I don't know.
But maybe not one,
but anyway,
I think this is a problem.
Or maybe there's no limit, but you have to go in and manually log in and say after five,
you're like, I have to approve some, hit reset for five more.
I don't know, just something that requires with the recapture sort of thing.
Yeah, exactly.
some sort of extra authorization for more than that.
Or just a 2FA token.
You already have to have 2FA anyway.
Anyway, 392,
way too many.
And we shouldn't have even got here.
So that's it.
We live in a funny time.
So how would you maybe submit those?
You might use HTTPX or would use HTTPXY.
You might even use HTTPX2,
which is not the same as version 2 which is being worked on by the original httpx folks no dear the
world is getting more complicated so remember mikio had sent over like something said why i forked
httpx and i don't remember if you covered or i covered it but then i covered a month in or
something like that how it was going so we're back with another post from mikil saying it's been six
week since I forked HTTPX, named our package HTTPXYZ,
the Pydantic team has created their own fork,
HTTPX2.
So that's pretty interesting.
But the Pydantic team, oh, by the way,
we're out in full force at PyCon.
They were all there. They're having a lot of cool events.
So
that was great.
But apparently they also forked HTTPX to HTTPX2.
And why am I covering this?
because I kind of sort of recommended ACP XYZ,
right?
But as I wanted to see what Michael's take
on this was.
And it said,
straight after our fork,
conducted Cludex,
who among other things is the
maintainer of Starlet.
And if you look over here, the last commit to the ACP X21 is from Marcelo
here,
who is on indeed the maintainer of Starlet, but also works at FastAPI.
So they said, hey,
we're thinking about doing this as well.
And Miguel said, hey, the reason I started HTTPXYZ is because the impasse with HTTPX
and figured something had to be done.
But now that the now Pydantic with a skillful team has done this,
there's no really point
trying to compete with them.
We'll keep HTTPXYZ up and running.
But we think that somewhere it says,
I think that HTTPX2 should be the blessed fork of HTTPX, at least.
Yeah, the last line, we'll fully support HTTPX2 and we'll encourage the community to do the same.
Yeah.
The word blessed,
oh, it's at the top.
While we think HTTPX was definitely needed, we welcome HTTPX2.
X, Y, Z,
we welcome X, HPX2,
and think that it should be the blessed fork is right at the top.
That's why I missed it.
But it's also some differences.
A lot of interesting changes.
So
they switched from certify to trust store,
which this is like the trusted certificates,
which is pretty interesting.
They're switching to compression.
ZS,
Z standards,
ZSTD,
on Python 3.14 and above,
making the STD compression
default,
which is cool.
I guess as opposed to GZIP, I'm not sure.
And remember,
HTTP core also had to be forked
to solve a lot of the problems.
So I love this trend.
They vendored in the equivalent of HTTP core
into their fork.
So there's fewer dependencies.
That's good.
Which I think is-- honestly, I think it's a trend
that we should be trending towards more these days
with all the supply chain issues and so on.
Well, I would caveat that with certain projects
and certain project teams should be doing that.
I certainly think the Pydantic team is able to do that.
If I were to,
like for instance,
if as an individual developer,
vendoring something in means I'm just supporting more code
and that might not be a good idea.
That's true.
But I find my feeling,
my,
this is,
it's not backed by raw data,
but it's just my feeling is a lot of people,
a lot of projects take on other dependencies
because they need two or three functions from those projects.
They don't need all the stuff this project does
and all of its nuance.
They just need two functions.
The easiest way is to pip install this other thing
and just do it.
With Claude and friends,
could you get Claude to write literally those two functions
and call it good?
Probably.
Yeah, and even to pull them out of there
to say vendor this out, this function.
Yeah, I just need these two functions.
It's really simple,
but I don't want to do it myself.
That's a good idea.
Yeah, that's what I was thinking when I said that.
So,
well,
HTPX2,
the HTPX star evolution continues,
Brian.
I don't know.
That's all I got to say.
Yeah.
It's pretty extra,
you know?
Pretty extra.
How about you?
You got extras?
I do have extras.
You're doing,
like, let's just laying up these transitions,
and I'm missing them,
fumbling the ball.
But a few extras.
We've talked about Pyrefly many times,
but Pyrefly 1.0 is here.
So it's no longer zero-over.
And according to their post,
it means that they're confident that Pyrefly is ready for production used.
And I think both of us have already tried it anyway.
But I guess what does that mean for me?
I have no problem with recommending it in a work environment.
I don't really need non-zero-ver,
actually.
We give people a bad time for zero-ver,
but there's a lot of stuff that we use that's zero-ver anyway.
But anyway,
Pyrefly is now 1.0.
Great.
The Django,
we've talked about the PSF survey
with the PSF and JetBrains.
Today I'm going to talk about the Django.
I'm not going to talk about it much,
but the Django survey,
also in conjunction with JetBrains is up now.
So if you are Django,
if you're involved with Django at all or use it,
go ahead and take the Django survey,
and that helps the Django Foundation and all of us
understand what everybody's doing with Django better.
The last thing is just something I thought was sort of funny.
I'm not anti-AI.
I'm still on the fence on this,
but I'm utilizing it to help code and stuff.
But anyway,
this is a funny article.
I thought the four horsemen of the LLM apocalypse.
And let's see.
We got war, famine,
death, pestilence,
and a questionable fifth horseman.
But the war is bot armies.
You can go ahead and read all this,
but the bot armies are definitely real.
There's a side note of order of battle.
Interesting.
Anyway,
famine is shortages because we're seeing shortages based on LLM use and AI use and stuff.
Scarcity of jobs,
all sorts of things.
Death of security and copyright and hopefully not death of software jobs,
but we'll see.
Pestilence,
slop is AI slop,
five-coded slop.
And, you know, in her role, I actually see a lot of that.
A lot of the projects that I want to review that sound neat,
it's just garbage in there.
So we don't review them.
And then this is really funny.
The Fifth Horseman.
What is the Fifth Horseman?
So apparently there were, the person said in researching the article,
looked up the Four Horsemen and found the original seems to have been either,
was famine, war, death, and conquest.
But he thought it was something death,
but he realized that his reference was Metallica,
and maybe Metallica might not be the best reference.
It's pretty great.
Anyway,
I thought it was an amusing article,
so I included it here.
Yeah.
How about you?
That is a pretty, yeah,
Gotson.
That's pretty interesting.
Real-time follow-up here.
I just heard that.
Former Google CEO Eric Schmidt was booed during,
aggressively booed during the commencement speech when he talked about the emergence of AI to the
technological transformation being brought around by the computer.
People didn't love it.
All the
graduates who were like,
we're graduating and can't get a job because AI is taking all the jobs.
So
don't go tell me how lovely it is.
I haven't seen this, but I saw that headline this morning.
My extras are, Brian, notice right in the middle here,
if you go to Talk Python Training and go to courses,
there's a Coming Soon label on the web security with agentic AI.
So people really liked my agentic AI programming course,
like how do you do AI programming, but engineering,
not vibey.
And I think it's pretty powerful.
So I thought,
and this is before Mythos got announced,
by the way,
but it takes a while to record these.
So here it is.
The timing's lining up.
What if you go through the OWASP top 10
for the top 10 security vulnerability categories,
study them without AI, just study all the issues
with the Python focus,
and then said, well,
how can we use things like Cloud Opus and others
to actually scan our code, find these bugs,
find these security vulnerabilities,
and fix them,
and then maybe do some real world examples.
So that's what that course is about.
And it'll be out pretty soon.
Okay.
So people should go over.
I linked to it to the newsletter over on Talk Python Training.
And be sure they're on it so they hear about it.
Now,
you want to hear about proud parents?
Yeah.
This is a good joke.
And this is not even an AI thing.
It's just a joke for programmers.
So here it is.
somebody took a picture of their kid's drawings.
These are like,
I don't know, five, six-year-old kid drawings.
And the kid numbered the page.
So I guess it was like a cartoon story or whatever.
So there's like trees and buildings.
But what are the numbers here?
Oh,
awesome.
There's zero, one, and two.
Yeah,
page zero, page one, and two.
And so the joke is,
this is how, oh,
seven years.
Okay, this is my seven-year-old son numbered his drawings.
I've never been more proud.
yeah i would be so proud too and then the comments are so good that would never come off my fridge
at age 90 it would still be there says someone else yeah yeah looks like uh we got matthew
mcconnell leonardo da vinci all can give me a little nod like mm-hmm yep that's right david
abber i think was in there future programmer unlocked that kid has potential you know
I was wondering like so I was just recently in Munich and and I don't think it's just Germany
but I think it's a lot of European countries maybe I'm wrong that um like number their elevators
like the ground floor is zero and and then it goes the first floor is one up and the basement is
negative one I just we don't do that in America I think that maybe we'd have better math scores if
we numbered the elevator starting at zero.
Yeah.
I do love the negative as well.
That's right.
That is right.
Negative one, negative two.
But yeah, they do.
That's common.
And it takes a little getting used to,
but I kind of like it too, honestly.
Yeah.
It might help out with math.
Just saying.
It's a good thing we don't need any help with math.
Everyone's so good at it.
Oh, yeah.
And with that,
we're going to finish up this 10-minute episode.
I'll talk to you later.
Bye.